A handful of functions, auto-complete helpers, and stuff to make your shell rock.

h2. Dependencies

* Git [YOU NEED TO HAVE GIT INSTALLED]
* Homebrew (http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew/)
* Zsh: is a shell designed for interactive use (http://www.zsh.org/)
* oh-my-zsh: A community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration (https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)

(The automatic installer described in the next section will try to automatically install *Homebrew*, *oh-my-zsh* and *zsh* dependencies. You have to install git yourself.).

h2. Setup

h3. Automatic installer

You can install this via the command line with `curl`

h4. via `curl`

@curl -L https://github.com/eduardolundgren/dotfiles/raw/master/install.sh | sh@

h3. Customization

h4. Adding a custom config file

* Create a file called *config.yourusername* on the root folder of ~/dotfiles/.
* Enable the plugins you want (take a look at https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/tree/master/plugins to see what's possible)
** example: @plugins=(ant ant-ext brew cloudapp extract gem git git-ext git-flow github history-substring-search liferay macports mysql node npm osx python rake ruby textmate rationalise-dot)@
* Theme support: Change the @ZSH_THEME@ environment variable in your *config.yourusername*

bq. ZSH_THEME="robbyrussell"

** Take a look at the "current themes" :https://wiki.github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/themes that come bundled with _Oh My Zsh_.

h4. Extending dotfiles plugins

* If you have many functions which go well together you can put them as a foobar.plugin.zsh file in the @/plugins/foobar/foobar.plugin.zsh@ directory and then enable this plugin.
** example: @plugins=(ant ant-ext brew cloudapp extract gem git git-ext git-flow github history-substring-search liferay macports mysql node npm osx python rake ruby textmate rationalise-dot *foobar*)@

h4. Extending dotfiles aliases

* Create a file *aliases.yourusername* inside ~/dotfiles/aliases/ and place your custom aliases in there.

bq. alias batman='ls -la'

h3. Uninstalling

Not implemented yet.

h2. Contributors

This project wouldn't exist without all of our awesome users and contributors.

Thank you so much!
